He is a legend who has shocked the world
Kowloon shop owner Jianzun
What are you doing, Swordsman?
Yes, Swordsman was the most dazzling genius at that time
A godlike figure
He is promising in every field
Dusty noise
The Heaven and Earth Xuanhuang Needle he lightly created
It is said that there are people who come back to life
The disease of the old family cannot be saved by him
But the Sword Lord Weining Unparalleled Dragon
See the beginning without the end
Where are we going to find it?
I know where to look
Li Wushuang, what are you doing here?
Why should I come back to you?
You have been away from this house for more than ten years
Does it have anything to do with the Li family?
Why are you afraid that I will divide your property?
You also deserve to divide the family property
Mom, how can you say that?
Although the eldest brother is incompetent
But his surname is still Li.
How hard is it for him to make money selling fried noodles on the street?
He wants to come back and share the estate
Buy a minimum for the rest of your life
Can we understand it too?
Yes, my engagement with him is approaching.
He has to figure out a way to make some wedding money
Otherwise, his face?
Where to put
Hmph Aoxue, don't be afraid
After all, you are also marrying into our Li family
He lost face
Our Li family can't afford to lose this place
I'll cover the cost of the wedding
I will definitely do it for you.
Thank you, Shao
Haha.
Brothers
Why is the gap so big?
Some people are really shameless
What a bunch of clowns, who are you scolding?
Ok stop arguing
Nonsense, just now you said you knew about Jianzun
Is that right?
Of course I know.
Then hurry up and tell me where Jianzun is
I'm going to find someone to rob